Yes! That's right!
Yes! Yes!
Understood!
Then, I'll see you tomorrow at ten!
Right!
Good news, Owner!
We're going to play in the park
with Maika-san tomorrow!
So you can run around as you wish.
I bet you're looking forward to—
Huh?
STUDYING JAPANESE THE OTAKU WAY
Could this be a date?
GOOD AT TSUNDERE
BAD AT CORNERING
It's open, so come in!
Good morning!
Um, I think casual clothing would be easier
for you to move around in.
What?
Sorry. It's my first time
doing this kind of thing.
I couldn't decide what to wear
and ended up with a suit.
Oh, I see.
You're kind of cute
when you're at a loss, Manager!
What? Cute...
Cute? Me?
Yes!
We're going out today, Owner.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Well, shall we go?
Wait a second! First...
I brought something over today.
What is it?
Ta-da!
Hold still.
There, all set!
Owner is stylish!
It looks good on you, Owner!
Yellow was the right choice!
Maika-san has a natural urge
to give him a present!
This dog is strong!
It sure is crowded on the weekend, huh?
It does look like
many families are here.
Yep.
I-I wonder...
if we look like a family, too!
A family with Maika-san...
I wonder...
Maybe we look like a family, too!
Um, did I say that out loud?
No, um...
I have to watch out for letting
my delusions escape my mouth!
Even though he'd be part of the family,
Owner is a pet, not a child, so...
Maybe we look more like
a married couple than a family!
D-Did I let even that slip out?
Slip out?
OPEN AREA
Maika-san's natural airhead style is brutal.
Owner, I'm gonna throw it!
There!
I-I saw...
M-M-M-M-Maika-san!
I-I-I-I-I could see!
Um, u-uh...
Please calm down!
What did you see?
Wh-What?
Um, m-m-m-m...
M-M-Mutandene?
Sorry. I lapsed into my mother tongue
without thinking.
Um, uh, i-in other words...
Your underwear!
When your skirt whirls around, I can see...
That's okay!
I'm wearing shorts
under the skirt.
There are limits
to being an airhead!
Product of Nature​
Well, whatever.
Here I go, Owner!
Get it!
I threw it too high!
Sorry! I'm gonna go get it!
Oh, okay!
Huh? I don't see it.
I think it landed around here.
Owner, another dog took it.
Get it back.
Fly!
We're back!
Welcome back! Huh?
You didn't find it?
Actually...
Whisper-whisper-whisper...
So that's what happened.
So you gave it to a girl you liked, huh?
That's okay.
I have other toys.
What's wrong?
I understand. I understand, Owner.
For some reason, they've got
a male bonding thing going on.
Everything you made looks delicious, Maika-san!
I brought lunch for you, too, Owner.
He's totally lovesick.
Thanks for the food!
This onigiri is really good, Maika-san!
Really?
I woke up early this morning to make it,
so I'm happy if you like it!
I made a lot for you, Manager,
so please fill up!
Maika-san...
Whoaouch!
O-Owner!
It's not good to hate people
when they're happy!
Excuse me.
I'm sorry.
It looks like my girl here
took this from you.
The dog from before!
Thank you very much!
Owner, that dog is here!
Owner is petrified!
I know the feeling.
Owner, give a decent greeting.
This is your chance
to get to know each other.
I'll say hi, too!
Looks like she likes it,
so you can keep it.
Oh, are you sure?
Okay, so again...
This is Owner.
I hope you two get along.
GRIN...
Whenever I think about yesterday,
it makes me feel good!
Having a good time with Maika-san
at the park for half the day...
Even enjoying Maika-san's homemade bentou...
What a great day!
What's wrong, Akizuki-san?
Looks like you're not happy for me.
No, actually...
Morning...
GLOOM
Hey! What's wrong?
Did something happen?
Get a hold of yourself!
A-Akizuki-kun...
Don't cry!
What happened?
Actually, I made multiple errors
inputting my passcode yesterday,
so all the data for my
social network game was deleted!
Is that all?
That hurt! What the hell was that for?
How many times do you think
I did a risemara
until I got the ultra-rare Vanilla-chan?
I'm Vanilla!
RISEMARA = RESET MARATHON
Instead of doing a marathon,
you should've started from the beginning.
And that's what happened.
You don't know
how to handle women, Akizuki-san.
You should've understood her feelings
and comforted her.
Shut up! Big talk
for somebody so incompetent!
I've got an order...
Two berry... almond jellies... please...
See? You dropped the ball with her,
and now she's depressed.
GLOOM
You seem kind of down today, Kaho-san.
You're not your usual cheerful self.
Oh, um, sorry!
Crap! The customers are worried about me!
I'm working right now,
so I need to bounce back!
Like Vanilla-chan who I finally got
after a reset marathon!
I'm Vanilla!
Oh, that's right!
The other day,
I got a capsule toy I already had,
so you can have it if you like.
Here you go!
I guess that does it.
Well, true, I wasn't very sensitive.
And she shouldn't be serving customers
in that kind of mood.
I hope this is enough to cheer her up.
Weren't you just depressed?
A minute ago,
a nice customer
noticed I was bummed out,
and gave me a big Vanilla-chan key chain
to cheer me up!
So I'm fine now!
Why are you mad?
Forget it.
What's that parfait for?
This is...
Are you gonna eat it?
No, um...
Break time, break time...
It's for him!
He said he was dying for a parfait!
Hey! What?
I never said that!
Um, maybe I did say that.
All right, back to work!
Kaho-san...
Looks like your mood has improved.
How was the parfait?
Parfait? What do you mean?
Didn't you eat it?
Akizuki-san made it for you.
He said he was going to give it
to you as an apology
for putting you in an even worse mood.
Akizuki...
This is the first parfait I've ever eaten
that was made with love!
Akizuki-kun!
Akizuki-kun, I'm sorry.
After you made it for me...
The manager!
He had to open his big mouth!
I-I didn't especially make it for you.
I only made it so you wouldn't be gloomy
with the customers.
Akizuki-kun...
You're even better than me at tsundere.
Who's doing tsundere?
I was being a little insensitive before.
Sorry.
No.
I was being a pain in the neck
to the people around me.
But that parfait did look really good!
I'd like to try it next time!
Looks like I don't have a choice...
Okay. I'll make one for you next time.
Really?
Then make it with lots of fresh cream
and tons of strawberries!
Okay. Anything else you want on it?
Also, chocolate and caramel sauce!
I think I'm gonna get heartburn.
Ta-da!
I'm finished with my uniform!
I didn't know we were allowed
to tweak out uniforms.
I just did it.
I don't know if it's allowed or not.
Do I need someone's permission
to make myself even cuter?
First Class Beauty
Killing it with cuteness!
It's best to wear an outfit that suits you.
You're really skillful to be able
to change it by yourself, Hideri-chan.
Well, it's not like I started from scratch.
I can manage this much.
Making it a one-of-a-kind uniform
for myself makes me feel good!
I know what you mean!
SAKURANOMIYA
I've written my name on things I often use,
MAIKA
and that's how they are
one-of-a-kind, too!
That's a different thing.
You have a loose thread on your...
What's wrong?
Lucky perv!
Shouldn't it be the other way around?
Sorry! Are you okay?
Yes, I'm fine.
Quit swooning!
Please get away from each other!
You were too close!
Jeez!
You can't be too careful around him!
You have to watch out!
He looks like a girl,
but he's completely a man!
What are you jealous about?
I'm not...
Just because you can't get that close!
You're embarrassing to watch!
I-If I felt like that...
I could...
corner Maika-san!
Manager...
Cornering...
Is that what you did before with Mafuyu-san?
N-No!
That doesn't count as cornering!
Then, what's real cornering like?
Um, uh...
How can I put it?
Uh...
It's...
Um...
So...
BAM
It's...
It's like this...
Cornering...
...is like slapping someone!
Slapping someone?
SUMO
You know, sumo wrestlers go...
DOSUKOI!
That's true.
It's like a sumo wrestling slap.
I see. And it's tough to do
if your heights are different, huh?
Yes!
That's why it wasn't real cornering
with Mafuyu-san, right?
Th-That's right!
Exactly!
True cornering is difficult, isn't it?
I've learned something today!
She didn't swoon at all.
Of course not!
A sumo wrestling slap? Are you a fool?!
You blew a once in a lifetime chance?
Idiot!
Oh, come on.
It's your own fault
for failing to get her heart racing.
"Idiot," "fool"...
You guys are being really mean.
Fine, you're poop.
I just get bashful
and so nervous that my heart pounds
like a jackhammer.
But if you had her cornered,
you were just one step away.
Don't bother trying to woo her
with fancy words.
Make her swoon with that face.
Everything else about you is crap,
but you are handsome.
You're right! Come to think of it,
I am a good-looking guy!
I'll give it one more shot!
His only admirable quality
is his recovery speed.
Is it okay for him to do it
while she's working?
Um...
This is for table 5.
After that—
Maika-san!
Manager?
Cornering, cornering, cornering, cornering...
Cornering...
I don't have to say anything!
Win her over with my face alone...
Um, Manager...
Win her over with my face...
Make her heart beat fast...
Um, customers are waiting!
Cornering, cornering, corner, corner...
Cornish hen, corn on the cob,
corny joke, coroner's report...
Corneal transplant, cortex...
Core curriculum is extinct...
Corner, corner, corner...
Manager!
Please get out of my way!
S-Sorry.
I burned up...
Just ashes now...
How did he flame out?
I guess he got in Maika-san's way
and she got angry.
Jeez, this guy is hopeless!
Cornering, cornering, cornering,
cornering, cornering, cornering...
Why didn't you consider your timing?
I think it might be over.
Either way, you can't be whimpering
on the floor! Get to work!
This is why Sakuranomiya told you
to get out of the way!
Come on, stand up.
Looks like he's beyond recovery.
The manager just wanted to do cornering.
I was in a hurry,
but what I said to him was inexcusable.
Stand up. Stand up, Dino.
M-Maika-san...
Manager...
I apologize for the awful thing
I said to you before.
I-It's okay!
THUMP
And for a while,
cornering became the manager's habit!
I
LOVE
YOU
!
Smile!
Sweet!
Sister!
Sadistic!
Suprise!
Service!
We are Stile!
Nii-sama fansubs presents:
さあ扉を開けて
saa tobira wo akete
Now, open the door
未知なるパラダイス
michi naru paradaisu
Come here!
体験しよう　おいで　おいでよ
taikenshiyou oide oide yo!
Let's experience the unknown paradise.
君を待つのは不思議なオアシス
kimi wo matsu no wa fushigi na oashisu
Mysterious oasis with sipcy flavour
ほっこり日常に ちょっぴりスパイス
hokkori nichijou ni choppiri supaisu
is waiting for you everyday.
くるくる　かき混ぜちゃうんだ
kurukuru kakimazechaun da
Spinning, spinning. I'm stirring!
ぐるぐる　縦じまのフレイバー
guruguru tatejima no fureibaa
Round and round, vertical stripes of flavor.
サービス　サービス　ご褒美タイム
saabisu saabisu gohoubi taimu
Service, service! It's a reward time!
おもてなし　心込めて
omotenashi kokoro komete
We want to serve you from the bottom of our hearts.
Welcome to　わーい
Welcome to wai
Welcome to! Yay!
私たちと一緒に
watashitachi to issho ni
Please experience with us
めくるめくWonder Daydream
mekurumeku wonder day dream
the dazzling, wonder daydream.
愛情をマシマシ
aijou wo mashi mashi
Feel the increase of love affection
煩悩をなでまで
bannou wo nade made
with each headpat, until reaching your limit.
誠心誠意勤めます
seishinseii tsutomemasu
We'll put whole hearts into our work!
Yes　キミの元気チャージに
yes! kimi no genki chaaji ni
Yes! Can I play a part
一役買えるかな
hitoyaku kaeru kana
in recharging your life energy?
こういった感じも
kou itta kanji mo
This kinds of feelings
ああいった感じも
aa itta kanji mo
and that kinds of feelings
意外と悪くないでしょ
igai to warukunai deshou
aren't bad too, you know?
(ブオーノ　ブオーノ　ブレンドスタイル)
(buono buono, burendo sutairu)
(Buono, Buono, Blend Style)
キミに　きゅんきゅんきゅん
kimi ni kyun kyun kyun!
I will make you swoon, swoon, swoon!
ハートに パンチパンチパンチ
haato ni panchi panchi panchi!
With a punch, punch, punch to your heart.
(ブオーノ　ブオーノ　ブレンドスタイル)
(buono buono burendo sutairu)
(Buono, Buono, Blend Style)
お口に合いますか？
okuchi ni aimasuka?
Are you enjoying your meal?
お口に合うといいな！
okuchi ni au to ii na
Does it suit your tastes?